Senario: To check mobile number component is accepting valid number or not

Application : Watsapp
Defect Id   : 001
Build No    : B01
Test Case No:Wa-01
Summary     : Mobile number text filed not accepting valid number.
Status      : New/open
Severity    :Blocker
Priority    :High
Test Environment :QA
Module      : login
Reported By : Test Engineer(mohan)
Assginee    : Concern Developer
Discription :
  pre conditions
         System should be connected with internet.

   Steps to Reproduce:
          1.open the browser(chrome).
          2.launch the url(watsapp url).
          3.enter the valid 10 digit mobile number into mobile number text field.
          4.click on Enter button.
  Test Data:
        mob no:1234567898
  Expected Result:
         login should be happen and redirect to the whatsapp chat/home page.
  Actual Result:
         login does not happen instead of it should 
         showing enter 9 digit valid mobile number Error message.
  
   Attachement: Screenshot should be provided(proof).
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 write a testcases for booking tickets in redbus:

  verify that redbus application is fully loaded or not.
  verify that redbus application is showing From and To location text fields or not.
  verify that we able to enter from and to location into the text fields or not.
  verify that after enter valid location and click on search buses it will show available buses or not.
  verify that when click on date field to select date calander popup is open or not.
  verify that Entering from  location text fields it should display recent searches or not.
  verify that by enter From  location it will showing list of popular boarding poin or not.
  verify that by enter From location it should show popular cities or not.
  verify that while enter To location it will display popular destination or not.
  verify that while enter To location it should show nearby cities from you boarding point or not.
  verify that after clicking search busses button it will ask select where you want to board or not.
  verify that we able to select the bus or not.
  verify that after selecting the bus it should show available seats or not.
  verify that unbooked seats should be in green color outline or not.
  verify that booked seats should be in gray color or not.
  verify that female seats should be in pink color or not.
  verify that male passenger can able to book both male and female seats or not.
  verify that seat type should be shown or not.
  verify that we can able to book multiple seats or not.
  verify that when select seat price should be added and displa or not.
  verify that after selectin seats ans boarding points it should redirect to the passenger information page or not.
  verify that in passenger details page is showing error if any details is not filled.
  verify that after clicking proceed button it should redirect to the payment page or not.
  verify that its showing correct amount for the select seats or not.
  verify that we able to select upi payment mode or not.
  verify that while pay it should show all the upi app or not.
  verify that once payed it should send message to given mailid or not.
  verify that it should dispaly sucess message like your seats booked after payment done.
  verify that if payment not debited it should show error message.
  verify that if paymet is debited but seats are not booked then refund should be happen whith some time.
  verify that by enter invalid boarding location it should show error message or not.












  



